Update readme usage section (#171)
google/osv-scanner: README.md

## Usage

> OSV-scanner parses lockfiles, SBOMs, and git directories to determine your project's open source dependencies. These dependencies are matched against the OSV database via the [OSV.dev API](https://osv.dev#use-the-api) and known vulnerabilities are returned to you in the output. 

Reviewer: We've stylized this tool as "OSV-Scanner" in many places. Any particular reason to change this to "OSV-scanner" with the lowercasing?

Author: Nope. That is me learning the ropes.

> OSV-scanner parses lockfiles, SBOMs, and git directories to determine your project's open source dependencies. These dependencies are matched against the OSV database via the [OSV.dev API](https://osv.dev#use-the-api) and known vulnerabilities are returned to you in the output. 

Author: ```suggestion
OSV-Scanner parses lockfiles, SBOMs, and git directories to determine your project's open source dependencies. These dependencies are matched against the OSV database via the [OSV.dev API](https://osv.dev#use-the-api) and known vulnerabilities are returned to you in the output. 
```

> OSV-scanner parses lockfiles, SBOMs, and git directories to determine your project's open source dependencies. These dependencies are matched against the the OSV database via the [OSV.dev API](https://osv.dev#use-the-api) and known vulnerabilities are returned to you in the output. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OSV-scanner parses lockfiles, SBOMs, and git directories to determine your project's open source dependencies. These dependencies are matched against the OSV database via the [OSV.dev API](https://osv.dev#use-the-api) and known vulnerabilities are returned to you in the output. 
```

> ### General Use Case: Scanning a Directory

Reviewer 3: Tiny nit: sentence case for headings

> ### General Use Case: Scanning a Directory

Author: ```suggestion
### General use case: scanning a directory
```

```console
osv-scanner -r /path/to/your/dir
```

> The above command will find lockfiles, SBOMs, and git directories in your target directory and use them to determine the dependencies to check against the OSV database for any known vulnerabilities.

Reviewer 3: "preceding" rather than "above" (for accessibility reasons)

> The above command will find lockfiles, SBOMs, and git directories in your target directory and use them to determine the dependencies to check against the OSV database for any known vulnerabilities.

Author: ```suggestion
The preceding command will find lockfiles, SBOMs, and git directories in your target directory and use them to determine the dependencies to check against the OSV database for any known vulnerabilities.
```

> The above command will find lockfiles, SBOMs, and git directories in your target directory and use them to determine the dependencies to check against the OSV database. It will give you the most complete understanding of the known vulnerabilities in your project. 

Reviewer 2: what do you think about this instead?

```suggestion
The above command will find lockfiles, SBOMs, and git directories in your target directory and use them to determine the dependencies to check against the OSV database for any known vulnerabilities.
```

How it's currently written feels a bit stiff and false to me as "most complete understanding" isn't being compared to anything in particular, and while I think the scanner does a good job it definitely doesn't give _the_ most complete understanding possible

Author: I was trying to compare scanning a single lockfile compared to scanning the directory. But I think your point is reasonable.

The recursive flag `-r` or `--recursive` will tell the scanner to search all subdirectories in addition to the specified directory. It can find additional lockfiles, dependencies, and vulnerabilities. If your project has deeply nested subdirectories, a recursive search may take a long time. 

> Git directories are searched for the latest commit hash. Searching for git commit has is intended to work with projects that use git submodules or a similar mechanism where dependencies are checked out as real git repositories. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Git directories are searched for the latest commit hash. Searching for git commit hash is intended to work with projects that use git submodules or a similar mechanism where dependencies are checked out as real git repositories. 
```

### Specify SBOM

> If you want to check for known vulnerabilities only in dependencies in your SBOM use the following command:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you want to check for known vulnerabilities only in dependencies in your SBOM, you can use the following command:
```

I think this is more consistent with lockfile the line below?

> If you want to see the vulnerabilities only from dependencies in your SBOM use the following command:

Reviewer 2: I feel like "check" is more natural here:

```suggestion
If you want to check for known vulnerabilities only in dependencies in your SBOM use the following command:
```

Author: I agree about the word "check".  I think I prefer "from" to "in".

```console
osv-scanner --sbom=/path/to/your/sbom.json
```

[SPDX] and [CycloneDX] SBOMs using [Package URLs] are supported. The format is
auto-detected based on the input file contents.

[SPDX]: https://spdx.dev/
[CycloneDX]: https://cyclonedx.org/
[Package URLs]: https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec

### Specify Lockfile(s)

> If you want to see vulnerabilities from specific lockfiles, you can use the following command:

Reviewer 2: Again, I feel "check" is more natural here:

```suggestion
If you want to check for known vulnerabilities in specific lockfiles, you can use the following command:
```

Author: Agree about check.
